add compatibility matrix to ducklake extension docs (in preview) (#5683)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/preview/core_extensions/ducklake.md

| Parameter name | Parameter type | Named parameter | Description |
| -------------- | -------------- | --------------- | ----------- |
| `catalog`      | `VARCHAR`      | no              |             |

## Compatibility Matrix

> DuckLake spec and extension for DuckDB are currently released together. This may not be the case in the future, where the spec and the extension may have different release cadances. It can also be the case that the extension needs a DuckDB core update, therefore DuckDB versions are also included in this compatibility matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DuckLake specification and the `ducklake` DuckDB extension are currently released together. This may not be the case in the future, where the specification and the extension may have different release cadences. It can also be the case that the extension needs a DuckDB core update, therefore DuckDB versions are also included in this compatibility matrix.
```
